Update RMC help docs to reflect v4 (#1886)
broadinstitute/gnomad-browser: browser/help/topics/regional-constraint.md

Note that all low coverage (median %AN < 90) sub-genic regions are displayed on the gene pages using a gray color to indicate lower confidence in these regions.

#### Observed and expected rare missense variants

The proportion of observed and expected rare missense variants were calculated following the same methods described in calculating [gene-level constraint](https://gnomad.broadinstitute.org/help/constraint). Missense observed/expected (`o/e`)percentiles were calculated across all coding base pair sites in the 17,841 high-quality transcripts by assigning each site the `o/e` value of the region containing it.

> Note that only high-coverage regions with missense `o/e` values significantly different from 1 (p-value < 0.001) have color in the regional missense constraint track.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that all regions with missense observed/expected values not significantly different from 1 (p-value > 0.001) are colored in gray to indicate lower confidence of missense intolerance.
```

This track shows regional (sub-genic) missense constraint scores for genes, calculated from the gnomAD v4.1.1 dataset.

> The impact of a missense variant depends on both the specific amino acid substitution it causes and its position within the gene. By highlighting regions that are intolerant to missense variation, this track is designed to aid in missense variant interpretation and classification. The missense observed/expected (`o/e`) percentile information available in the track can be used to help interpret how constrained a particular region is against missense variation. For example, a missense `o/e` percentile of 5 means that coding base pairs within that region are among the most highly missense constrained 5% of coding base pairs. Note that smaller missense `o/e` percentile values indicate smaller missense `o/e` values and greater constraint against missense variation.

Reviewer: For example, a missense `o/e` percentile of 5 means that coding base pairs within that region are in the top 5% most highly missense constrained coding base pairs across all analyzed genes.
